Reference documentation for the Window Controls Overlay API (#11368)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/env()/index.md

### Using env() to ensure content is not obscured by window control buttons in desktop PWAs

> In the following example `env()` is used to ensure that content displayed in a desktop Progressive Web App that uses the [Window Controls Overlay API](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Window_Controls_Overlay_API) is not obscured by the operating system's window control buttons. The `titlebar-area-*` values define a rectangle where the title bar would normally have been displayed. On devices that do not support the Window Controls Overlay feature, such as mobile devices, the fallback values are used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the following example `env()` ensures that content displayed in a desktop Progressive Web App that uses the [Window Controls Overlay API](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Window_Controls_Overlay_API) is not obscured by the operating system's window control buttons. The `titlebar-area-*` values define a rectangle where the title bar would normally have been displayed. On devices that do not support the Window Controls Overlay feature, such as mobile devices, the fallback values are used.
```
